Fix operator installation with --watchedNamespaces (#8645)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/setup/install/operator/index.md

The controller will detect the `IstioOperator` resource and then install the Istio
components corresponding to the specified (`demo`) configuration.

{{< warning >}}

> If you have used `--watchedNamespaces` when you initialized the Istio operator, apply the `IstioOperator` resource in one of the watched namespaces, instead of in `istio-system`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you used `--watchedNamespaces` when you initialized the Istio operator, apply the `IstioOperator` resource in one of the watched namespaces, instead of in `istio-system`.
```

The controller will detect the `IstioOperator` resource and then install the Istio
components corresponding to the specified (`demo`) configuration.

> If you have used `--watchedNamespaces` to watch custom namespace, make sure to specify `values.global.istioNamespace` as the following.

Reviewer 2: @shamsher31 I would prefer to change it to this

If you have used `--watchedNamespaces` to initialize the istio operator, make sure the `IstioOperator` resource is located in the specified namespace list.

If you want to install istio control plane to in namespace other than `istio-system`, make sure to specify the namespace with `values.global.istioNamespace` as the following.

Author: Thanks, updated.

The controller will detect the `IstioOperator` resource and then install the Istio
components corresponding to the specified (`demo`) configuration.

> If you have used `--watchedNamespaces` to initialize the Istio operator, make sure the IstioOperator resource is located in the specified namespace list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< warning >}}
If you have used `--watchedNamespaces` when you initialized the Istio operator, apply the `IstioOperator` resource in one of the watched namespaces, instead of in `istio-system`.
{{< /warning >}}
```

> When installing Istio in the namespace other than `istio-system`, specify the namespace with `values.global.istioNamespace` as the following.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Istio control plane (istiod) will be installed in the `istio-system` namespace by default. To install it in a different location, specify the namespace using the `values.global.istioNamespace` field as the follows:
```

> {{< text bash >}}
> $ kubectl create ns istio-namespace1
> $ kubectl apply -f - <<EOF
> apiVersion: install.istio.io/v1alpha1
> kind: IstioOperator
> metadata:
>   namespace: istio-namespace1
>   name: example-istiocontrolplane
> spec:
>   profile: demo
>   values:
>     global:
>       istioNamespace: istio-namespace1
> EOF
> {{< /text >}}

Reviewer: This example is confusing, it's conflating watchedNamespaces with istioNamespace. I suggest just showing the istioNamespace part in the example:
```suggestion
{{< text yaml >}}
apiVersion: install.istio.io/v1alpha1
kind: IstioOperator
...
spec:
  profile: demo
  values:
    global:
      istioNamespace: istio-namespace1
{{< /text >}}
```
